# huntprice-privacy-policy-en
HuntPrice mobile application privacy policy Priceproject LLC, TIN 7716965965, OGRN 1227700250205, registered in accordance with the requirements of the Russian Federation, legal address: 129327, Moscow, Anadyrsky proezd, 21, Podv. pom. V, com. 9, RM. 154 (hereinafter referred to as the "Copyright Holder"), undertakes, as a result, to protect the confidentiality of the data of users of the Mobile Application "HuntPrice" in view of the Account (hereinafter referred to as the "User Account"). The effect of the presented policy is measured by the HuntPrice Mobile Application Software. This policy regulates the procedure for the collection and use of natural gas resources provided by the Users of the HuntPrice Mobile Application in electronic devices and paper form.

Terms used in this Policy.

Personal data - information about a potential person who is identified or can be identified with him. As well as any information that can be used for personal use. Subject of natural data (subject) - the User to whom the personal data belongs, the owner of the User Account. Holder of natural data (holder) - Priceproject LLC, TIN 7716965965, PSRN 1227700250205, registered in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, legal address: 129327, Moscow, Anadyrsky proezd, 21, Podv. pom. V, com. 9, RM. 154 Actions (operations) of the holder with personal data - collection, storage, clarification, transfer, blocking, depersonalization and deletion of data from the storage. Collection of data data - the procedure for the data holder to obtain data from the subjects of this data. Tillage - any action (operation) or a set of actions (accumulation operations) that can be used with or without the use of means of transmission with Personal Data, including collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (updating, changing), extraction, use, transfer (distribution, contamination, access), depersonalization, blocking, neutralization, neutralization of Personal Data. The statistics database is an ordered array of personal data, regardless of the type of material carrier of information and control of the means of its processing. Resource data storage mode - normatively established, restrictive rules for access, transfer and storage conditions of Personal data. The Copyright Holder acts as the controller of the User's Personal Data, interaction, collection and / or processing, which are carried out in accordance with this Privacy Policy, excluding the phenomena listed below, when otherwise expressly stated. This policy may be applied by choice, applied by application of practice or regulatory changes, in connection with which the Copyright Holder recommends that you read the Privacy Policy when you revisit the HuntPrice Mobile Application.

Collection of User Personal Data

The Rightholder receives the collection of the following categories of Personal Data. User data in use with communication is realized with the implementation by Users of their exclusive rights to RIA: Registration of a User Account; Use of special features of the HuntPrice Mobile Application; Drawing up reports based on data collected in the HuntPrice Mobile Application Studio; Granting to the Copyright Holder by the User a non-exclusive and exclusive license for the commercial use of the RIA of the latter; Implementation of the use of the functions of the Mobile application "HuntPrice" on a reimbursable (paid) basis; Personalization of displayed ads and content.

Processing of Users' Personal Data

The Copyright Holder uses the Users' Personal Data only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Benefit of using his/her personal data Rightholder of the processing of Personal Data Legislative grounds for processing include an offer, a contractual task (i.e. processing, choice to perform, User Agreement of a user agreement with the Rightholder that allows the Rightholder to use access to the HuntPrice Mobile Application and use of its functions) and the legitimate interests of the Copyright Holder, as well as the legitimate interests of other Users, such as: Personalization, improvement of infrastructure Mobile application
